<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /opt/aem/launcher/profiles/ditamaps/ditamap18203246606314419567/PDFProject/contents/managing-indexes/about-the-indexing-wizards/managing-indexing-tasks?><?workdir-uri file:/opt/aem/launcher/profiles/ditamaps/ditamap18203246606314419567/PDFProject/contents/managing-indexes/about-the-indexing-wizards/managing-indexing-tasks/?><?path2project ../?><?path2project-uri ../?><?path2rootmap-uri ../?><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" class="- topic/topic " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic hi-d) (topic ut-d) (topic indexing-d) (topic hazard-d) (topic abbrev-d) (topic pr-d) (topic sw-d) (topic ui-d)" id="subtask-statuses"><title class="- topic/title ">Subtask statuses</title><body class="- topic/body "/><topic class="- topic/topic " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic hi-d) (topic ut-d) (topic indexing-d) (topic hazard-d) (topic abbrev-d) (topic pr-d) (topic sw-d) (topic ui-d)" id="subtask-statuses-1"><title class="- topic/title ">Subtask statuses</title><body class="- topic/body "><p class="- topic/p ">Table: Subtask statuses</p><p class="- topic/p ">Category</p><p class="- topic/p ">Status</p><p class="- topic/p ">Description</p><p class="- topic/p ">Not active</p><p class="- topic/p ">Inactive</p><p class="- topic/p ">The subtask is inactive. This can happen in the following cases:</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">The Index Administration Task on the server the subtask is associated with is not in schedule.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">The Index Administration Task on the server the subtask is associated with has not yet picked up the subtask for processing. This can happen when you submit a task that creates a large number of subtasks.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Vault stores or index locations are in backup mode.</p></li></ul><p class="- topic/p ">Queued</p><p class="- topic/p ">The Index Administration Task on the server the subtask is associated with has not yet picked up the subtask for processing. The statuses of these subtasks are Queued until the Index Administration tasks starts processing them.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Waiting</p><p class="- topic/p ">The subtask is waiting for user input:</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">For change location tasks on which you did not select The index folders have been copied to the new location, the associated subtasks complete their initial processing, then wait for you to indicate that you have copied the index folders. When you have copied the index folders, use the I have copied the files action in the Monitor Indexing Tasks page.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">For upgrade and rebuild tasks on which you did not select Ignore items that cannot be indexed, the associated subtasks wait for your input when they encounter minor errors. Use the Process waiting subtasks action in the Monitor Indexing Tasks page to force the subtask to continue processing.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">For Metadata Store tasks, a subtask was unable to process all items. Do one of the following:</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Fix the problem and then use the Process waiting subtasks action in the Monitor Indexing Tasks page to force the subtask to continue processing. Select the option Retry the failed items and wait again if there are still errors.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Decide to ignore the problem and then use the Process waiting subtasks action in the Monitor Indexing Tasks page to force the subtask to continue processing Select the option Retry the failed items and continue.</p></li></ul><p class="- topic/p ">Stopped</p><p class="- topic/p ">You have stopped the subtask. The Index Administration Task does not process the subtask again until you use the Start action in the Monitor Indexing Tasks page to resume the subtask.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Active</p><p class="- topic/p ">Processing</p><p class="- topic/p ">The subtask is being processed.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Successful</p><p class="- topic/p ">No errors</p><p class="- topic/p ">The subtask completed without errors.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Unsuccessful</p><p class="- topic/p ">Warnings</p><p class="- topic/p ">The subtask completed with warnings.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Examine the Subtask Details page and the subtask report file for more information.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Will retry</p><p class="- topic/p ">Change location and verify subtasks can have this status when errors occur. The Index Administration Task tries a subtask up to five times when it encounters errors, in case the errors are transient. After five tries, if the errors persist the subtask is marked as Failed.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Failed</p><p class="- topic/p ">The subtask failed.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Examine the Subtask Details page and the subtask report file for more information.</p><p class="- topic/p ">If you can ascertain and rectify the cause of the failure, use the Retry action in the Monitor Indexing Tasks page to retry the subtask.</p></body></topic></topic>